we've got five rods and we're
talking with Bally on them and
we're in the right spot
now all we need is a bike all
the ingredients seem to be here
come on baby that rock for me
it's dangerous and it's very
tricky when you're having to
pass the rod down you know it's
a really heavy rod capture his
fist takes off this rock and
easily go flying off the boat
back over here and help me where
ya goin the ok
Kane this thing probably got you
beat fun on what your husband
does
and again I guess anywhere
between 250 and 350
come on baby we need bad bad bad
bad bad man little well and
we're getting the 56 grand fish
right here it's a big big girl
starting to circle me she's
wearing down there was nothing
dark you always dark behind your
man behind the line coming up if
I throat I just let it all go
right you don't throw it you
just jamming and make sure it
goes all the way I see color
getting close boston got to go
behind k now
forward forward nice mix buddy
come on baby right
youjizz that we didn't get that
lon the link . right now
please for class right now James
but love fish
you mean he's born on believable
kiss my ass
gosh it's over when you end up
losing its better than one so
close that was a gimmick there's
no reason that fishing me on the
day like crying Ali . k believe
that
they just don't know
me just don't know you can
dark
five-dollar gold
just like that
he's not talking is he's mad i
might as well pull myself up and
go crawl in a hole i get more
bite
yeah